warning the champions you're going to see
in this video they are authentic
professionals please do not try
campear in your house and play legal
otherwise they could leave someday
in this top
and we started the tournament 5 this week
in a corner that the truth is
winning a medal by corner so much what
we can see here watching the flag of
goodbye back I'm going to put on here over
behind him but suddenly they kill me in
I already say the second time
they do not have to miss the opportunity
to record this character here
camping so I put the batteries
I go quickly behind where was the
again to see if this time I can go to
fuck fuck that escapes me or what a shame
that I have escaped is from campero
I'll see if I find it and suddenly
It is here we will start well let's
start here giving a little
'bolillo' to see if I give him an Augustinian
recent is turned
go pillada has hit us
in the top number 4 we find the
map of Detroit in a domain about to
finish the first round and I
I find here in this room the
the window that we all say to me
I find here a carpet here they have
the floor that is is plugging the
pira activity I do not know what for
go directly to this window and
continue to champion and gave him boston is
between seconds I'm going to wait for you
go out to each one death to make it look
I love that the campers kiss
see engravings himself to see if
they realize and if they stop
watch the camper repeat the face
of my mother would
what bastards are here is
listening to my friend in the background
we went to the top number 3 and we are in the
most frantic map of the entire game already
that here in talave is almost impossible and
half here after the bomber I see myself
that an uncle who has survived this
this one has I do not know what he does here not
let's put it slowly stealthily
really in front of him
now we take advantage of that it turns I say
let's do here your next fac
and we punch him in the face
let's see little
we went to the top number 2 and we are in the
map the horizon here we have a
change that shot the sky moves
and it has moved us is firing towards
forward I do not know why he's shooting at
the wall I do not know if once fixed we're going to
do a funny thing we're going to
return the skewer and put it in
his forehead so he had me behind him and
melon iced and I put it in all the
front
there you are for campero
and finally we have the camper but the
true that I think I was a bit
pained of the pancha because we are going to see
that the uncle is lying here is lying
doing the carpet here and suddenly
I throw you here a suppository and
my mother who has fucked up the guy
this on top of a piggy camper deserves
that we put four shots in his head
often pigs we have in our
game
and up to here the episode number 9 of
warfare calorie campers you know
that you can participate in this top me
you can send your clicks only
you have to upload them in hidden to your
youtube channel and then you send me the
link in a private message to be able to
download and be able to edit it in this top and
you know, there's only one episode left
more to get to 10 when the
day and you know we're going to make a
compilation of the top 10 and we're going to
choose the king of the campers and I hope
that you liked this video you know
that if you liked it, you can contribute
like and a comment saying that what
camper liked more a greeting to
all as always until later